README.md, before:

# Association Rule Mining of NYC 311 Service Requests
COMS-E6111 Project 3

## How to run

### Install program requirements
In the directory of the repository, run:

  ```bash
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```

### Run 

In the directory of the repository, run:

  ```bash
  python3 main.py <INTEGRATED_DATASET.csv> <min_sup> <min_conf>
  ```
   
where:
- `<INTEGRATED_DATASET.csv>` is the file name
    (in this case, use `INTEGRATED_DATASET.csv`)

- `<min_sup>` is the minimum support 
        (a value between 0 and 1)

- `<min_conf>` is the minimum confidence 
    (a value between 0 and 1)

## Program description

### Overall structure
A clear description of the internal design of your project; 
### Details
in particular, if you decided to implement variations of the original a-priori algorithm (see above), you must explain precisely what variations you have implemented and why.

## About the dataset

1. which NYC Open Data data set(s) you used to generate the INTEGRATED-DATASET file
2. what (high-level) procedure you used to map the original NYC Open Data data set(s) into your INTEGRATED-DATASET file
3. what makes your choice of INTEGRATED-DATASET file compelling (in other words, justify your choice of NYC Open Data data set(s)). The explanation should be detailed enough to allow us to recreate your INTEGRATED-DATASET file exactly from scratch from the NYC Open Data site.

### Sample run
  ```bash
  python3 main.py INTEGRATED_DATASET.csv <min_sup> <min_conf>
  ```

  Results: Briefly explain why the results are indeed compelling.


## About the repository
Authors: 

- Aryana Mohammadi (am5723)

- Jasmine Shin (yx2810)

Files included:

- `main.py`

- `README.md`

- `requirements.txt`

References:

Notes:

Commit message:

Update README.md with Apriori variation

README.md, after:

# Association Rule Mining of NYC 311 Service Requests
COMS-E6111 Project 3

## How to run

### Install program requirements
In the directory of the repository, run:

  ```bash
  pip install -r requirements.txt
  ```

### Run 

In the directory of the repository, run:

  ```bash
  python3 main.py <INTEGRATED_DATASET.csv> <min_sup> <min_conf>
  ```
   
where:
- `<INTEGRATED_DATASET.csv>` is the file name
    (in this case, use `INTEGRATED_DATASET.csv`)

- `<min_sup>` is the minimum support 
        (a value between 0 and 1)

- `<min_conf>` is the minimum confidence 
    (a value between 0 and 1)

## Program description

### Overall structure
A clear description of the internal design of your project; 
### Details
Unlike the original Apriori algorithm which evaluates all possible item combinations explicitly, this implementation progressively builds candidate itemsets only from previously identified frequent itemsets. This reduces the computational overhead significantly.

Association rules are generated only from the identified frequent itemsets, which simplifies the rule generation phase. This focuses the computational effort only on viable candidate rules.

## About the dataset

1. which NYC Open Data data set(s) you used to generate the INTEGRATED-DATASET file
2. what (high-level) procedure you used to map the original NYC Open Data data set(s) into your INTEGRATED-DATASET file
3. what makes your choice of INTEGRATED-DATASET file compelling (in other words, justify your choice of NYC Open Data data set(s)). The explanation should be detailed enough to allow us to recreate your INTEGRATED-DATASET file exactly from scratch from the NYC Open Data site.

### Sample run
  ```bash
  python3 main.py INTEGRATED_DATASET.csv <min_sup> <min_conf>
  ```

  Results: Briefly explain why the results are indeed compelling.


## About the repository
Authors: 

- Aryana Mohammadi (am5723)

- Jasmine Shin (yx2810)

Files included:

- `main.py`

- `README.md`

- `requirements.txt`

References:

Notes:
